App maker, app maker, make me an app.  I would like to make a Streamlit app to compute the Myers Brigg personality of a user based on their tweets, and a persona chat where I can chat with an AI pretending to be that user based on their tweets.  The app should have a cool name that will make people wanna use it.

# Pages
I want three pages, Homepage, MBTI Profile, Persona Chat

1) Homepage 
On the hompage I want to drag the tweet file.  The tweets are in a csv file with columns text.   Then it will be loaded into a dataframe df. Then I want to compute some session state variables:

	1) mbti_html - Pass df to a function I wrote in my utils.py file called get_myers_brigs(df) that returns an HTML string summarizing the person’s Mybers Briggs type. Call it mbti_html.  While the get_myers_brigs(df) is working, show some spinning wheel so I know its busy thinking and say “Computing Myers Briggs profile”.
	
	2) instructions_persona - Pass df to a function in my utils.py file called get_persona_chat_instructions(df) that will return a string which is the instructions for the persona chat telling the AI how to behave.  Call it instructions_persona.

	3) messages - the list of messages in the persona chat.  this should be reset each time a new csv of tweets is uploaded

2) MBTI Profile
On the MBTI Page, I want to display that mbti_html.    

3) Persona Chat
On the Persona Chat page I want a chat window with the AI.    Don’t show instructions_persona on the screen as they are very long and contain many tweets.  The AI message is generated by a function  I wrote in my utils.py file called
get_ai_response(instructions_persona, messages) that takes as input instructions_persona and the messages in the chat so far, including what the user just typed, formatted as as list appropriated for OpenAI API. I want the app to show animated … while the AI is generating its message. Show the entire chat history above where the user inputs their message.  When they input their message, display it immediately and then show the AI message. 