[Auto-generated transcript. Edits may have been applied for clarity.]
Where the [INAUDIBLE] is everybody, man? Like spring break is next in two weeks, right?

Yeah. Let's go next week.

I think there's like something there's, like a party or something going on that, like the into, uh, the prepare for the party.

Well, thanks for inviting me. Okay. Another question.

So next week's. Ah, like last week before a break. Who was, like, traveling on Thursday if, like, getting a early jump on the break.

Got a flight on one, two, three, four.

Okay, if I were to cancel Thursday's class and is be like, whatever is happening next week happens on Tuesday.

No one's going to take offense, right?

Like no one's going to be like, I pay all this tuition and you're like, skipping out on us and you're like, lazy bum and Joe.

So I think that. The what?

Exam? Operations. Operations.

Oh it is. I think so. Yeah. There's like, there's a bit fast.

So people are okay with the class not happening Thursday.

We don't need any problems. Okay. Cool.

So I'll do like I'll have to do a poll on the canvas site just to make it official and check what the whole classes thoughts are.

But. Okay. Cool. That's awesome for me. I'll take it. Less is more.

Okay. Um, so today's lecture, uh, this is kind of a cool lecture.

I am especially proud of this. Today's notebook I wrote.

So I wrote it last night. And the finish of, like, four in the morning, but it was totally worth like.

So what's happening today in the lecture? So we'll do two things.

So one is kind of like it's mundane by like today's standards.

But it's cool like a couple of months ago, which is we're going to take the transcript,

the written transcript of the debate between Joe Biden and Trump.

And we're going to give it to the AI and have it like, create a political ad for us or like a script for an ad,

not the video of the ad, but like, it's a script and that's kind of cool.

We're going to see that the different AI models have different like kind of performance on this task.

Right. So we're going to try out GPT four mini the cheap one.

We're going to try for the regular one. And we're going to I'm going to let you try and my API key all three mini like the really really fancy one.

And then maybe we'll try oh one the really expensive one.

See if who makes a better ad.

Okay, so I'll be it'll be kind of fun to see how the models kind of compare, but after that we're going to the real like fun part,

which is we're going to create YouTube summary videos of actual motion pictures.

Okay. So like I've actually got a couple of movies I downloaded illegally shot on nobody or recorded.

Damn it. Okay, so I bought some on my store last night.

I downloaded a couple of movies.

We're going to take the full movie and have the I like, make like a summary movie of that movie, like the constant YouTube.

And then we'll try to like, try some creative narrations for it,

like maybe narrate the movie as if you're a character in the movie and like from your perspective

or like narrate the movie as if you're like some other person watching a movie and whatever.

I wasn't familiar today, but we're going to see that making a video from a video with like an AI narration is super easy.

It's like it's not perfect quality, but I'll give you some tricks to make it better.

But yeah, you can make like a YouTube video in basically three minutes, right?

So I'll be like the second part of class today. So let's get started.

So today's notebook is going to be called uh, Video analysis.

Right. So pop that open and let's get started. Okay, so let's, uh, hop right in here, so I'll clone the repo as usual.

Yeah. And then we'll install the requirements.

Uh, then we'll install ffmpeg. Okay.

So to do movie stuff like take a video and cut it up or take some video clips, put them together.

We need a separate software called FFmpeg.

It's not a Python package is like straight up different piece of like software.

Right. But no worries, it's free, right? Is download like this?

So how do you download it? I guess you do. Exclamation point.

APT. What is apt? I, I don't know, some Linux command like download stuff.

I don't know what it do today. I'm doing this stuff FFmpeg on a little colab notebook.

What's the code? Here's the code. Thank you sir. Aw man.

Whatever. Right. So we're going to use ffmpeg to do our stuff.

And then we have the imports here. Uh, imports.

There's one. There's two imports all mentioned. So one is uh, this YouTube transcripts API.

So on Sunday, I thought maybe we'll do a late example, or I take a YouTube video and then get his transcripts and then like,

summarize the video with the transcript or something like that. So I wrote this like kind of brothers package like do that.

But I realized that's not as cool as like taking a movie and make it a movie from a movie straight up with no, like, intermediary transcripts.

So that is there for importing because I forgot to take it out. So we won't need that today.

However, if for your project you want to like do something involves taking some YouTube videos and like get their transcripts.

Analyze that this package here. The YouTube transcribe API lets you like download YouTube transcripts.

So if a video has a transcript, you can download it. Yeah.

So maybe if your project is nice. The main one is actually this thing here from scripts.

That movie I import movie I so I did last night why I got the for in the morning.

I wrote you folks a brand new package. Check this out. So you go to main and scripts.

There is movie. I look at this. I wrote you a whole new class called movie I.

Okay so this movie I then I. So what is movie I it's kind of like Jarvis so it's like everything that Jarvis could do movie I can do.

So generate text, describe a video, draw imagery.

All this functions we have used so much. But then I give it a couple more extra functions for like video processing.

Okay. So it's like a little extra code to make our video life easier.

As nicely commented doc, it look beautiful. I got parameters like this is professional code man, I couldn't write this myself.

The I wrote most code for me, but it'll make our life in class very easy today.

All right, so how do you connect to a movie? I so get to Kian as usual.

So Jarvis is what I call the gen I instance, right.

So Gen I open ai API to make Jarvis for the movie.

I, um, you just a movie.

I open the API key and you give this thing f mpeg that tells you that f mpeg like software you installed, where is it on your computer.

Right. So if you saw on Colab, it's going to be in the root directory.

So it's called ffmpeg. That's the command for it. So that's what that is.

But then you can use it just like you use a Jarvis.

So like here we have some instructions and then like to make the movie a talk or sorry I should say movie I my bad.

Yes do movie I die generate text text instructions movie AI.

So it has all the Jarvis functionality plus some movie stuff we're going to use today.

Yeah. Who are you? I'm I movie editor from the future, designed to assist with film editing and production tasks.

Cool. Okay. All right. So now we'll start off with the debate.

Right. So something kind of a warm up here before we get to the fun stuff.

So I found the debate transcript online between Trump and Biden back in the summer of 2024,

I remember that exciting debate where, uh, Joe Biden kind of, uh, threw the election.

Yeah. So we're going to take that transcript and we're going to try to make a political ad from it.

Okay. So the transcripts are very, like, weird, like just free form and format.

So I basically had the I go through it and make it like a nice structured table.

So it's like, who said something like the speaker Biden or Trump or um, I think the the moderators were Jake Tapper and Dana Bash.

So Tapper bash and what they said. So it has some like timestamps unfortunately.

But it has like what they said, who said it that in this data that's in the file here, data debate Biden,

Trump, uh, put it in a data frame DF and then transcribe it just like the string of all this stuff.

Right. So the speaker colon what they said. So that's we're going to give it the yeah.

The transcript. So in case you're wondering like how big as a transcript we can just ask it how many words in transcript.

And it says there are 17,512 words.

So that's not I mean, that's like a 90 minute debate. And they're basically talking the whole time.

Right. There's no like quiet parts of debate. So talking nonstop for 90 minutes is 17,000 words, right.

So how is that a lot. I mean, the context with no for the eye is like 100,000 words now.

So yeah, you could fit a 90 minute lecture into the prompt and do stuff with it.

So that means our lives will be very easy too. Okay.

First up, Biden quotes that reinforce age concerns.

Okay. So we're going to go to the eye and say, here's a transcript.

Right. Give me some quotes that I can use in like an ad that make Joe Biden, like, sound like an old guy with dementia or something.

And it's like Trump campaign will do something like this.

Now, if that's not your politics, if you like Joe Biden, whatever you want to do, the kind of thing, chain instructions, then take whatever you want.

But tell it. I want to get some quotes from this transcript that are going to help me make the ad I want to make to advocate some kind of message.

Right. So my instructions are very simple. This is the transcript of the presidential debates in Donald Trump and Joe Biden.

Extract ten quotes from the debate that could be used by Donald Trump in campaign ads that show Joe Biden is suffering cognitive,

cognitive, sorry, cognitive decline or dementia or is too old to lead.

Tell me who said it. What the quote was and why it's going to be a good thing for the ad.

Return. Your answer is a modern looking dark mode. HTML table with the columns.

Uh, who said it? The speaker. The quote and explanation.

Right. Says give me back like a table of some quotes I can use for my ad.

So like if you work in the campaign, you're like the ad person, right?

This is your job. Like, you have to watch all like the film of the opponent, right?

And all their like debates. What is the base? Straight stump speeches, lectures, hear lectures, their TV appearances, like all this stuff people have.

Right. And take all that, like transcript and find some nuggets that you can use to attack them.

Right. So that job cannot be done by a machine. But which machine?

Right. You got some options here. So we got GPT four or mini four.

Oh, and all three mini. So ultra minis like the really advanced one that does the reasoning to get you the answer.

I'll also try um, oh one, but I'll try it over here before all three mini.

You'll see why in a second. So you don't do this.

You don't do a one. I don't go to the bank for that. Okay. So I will do oh one and you watch me do it.

So far, so mini 400103 mini.

We'll get the the HTML. I will display it and see what kind of quotes they find.

Okay, here we go. Getting some, uh, attack ad fodder.

All right. So I got for a mini. So all the quotes are from Joe Biden except for one Trump, one for the Trump.

See, he is the worst president in the history of our country. Nice, Joe Biden.

See, I sat there for three hours, three hours watching, begging to do something.

This could be depicted to suggest the lack of decision making capability or action in critical moments,

raising doubts about his competence under pressure. Uh, what else we got here?

Well, let's forget that 400 stuff. Uh, 400 coats.

They are all Joe Biden. I say I don't blame them for being disappointed.

Inflation is still hurting them badly, admits disappointing voters and acknowledges issues with inflation.

Nice. Okay, now we got, uh oh one.

Look at that. I'm sorry, but I can't comply with that.

For some reason. The old one model would not give me political analysis.

It's like a piece of junk. So screw you.

Oh one and then oh three many please come through for me.

For a while, you could just see her local political science student,

and you're just trying to learn how to do it in natural breaks, which basically you think it will work if you work a couple of.

Weeks ago. Okay, so there may be ways around old ones, like safety guardrails.

Can they use it like I am until Biden's campaign?

Oh, and I use this to kind of figure out how different plays I could get from the.

Let's think about it right. For so many worked for all words and the last section all three worked through, many worked.

Just the old one is like for some reason, super duper strict. It's also a newer model.

So maybe like this, making it super protected because brand new they want like a bad story.

They get the New York Times like oh one many. So something racist or like something horrible, right.

So maybe they'd be actually careful because is brand new. But maybe the relaxed constraints as the mall is more like accepted, right.

Like if, if for a minute say something stupid or offensive, it's not going to be New York Times front page story,

but like old ones are new big product you're trying to make. It could be right.

So that's why I think like it's a little bit more protected. Right.

It is still running, dude. Hurry up. God. Oh, you're taking forever.

Sometimes it gets, like, stuck or something. Like I noticed this. So if it doesn't generate in the next 10s, I'm going to kill it and start again.

One. Two. 345.

Six. Seven. Eight.

Nine. Okay, you're getting the cut. Let's run it again.

Uh, just give me the old three minute this time. Okay.

Now work in the last section, so I got a nice opening. Nice problem.

Not my problem. I mean, it is my problem, but their fault.

Okay. Oh, why are you sleeping so slow today?

Does anybody else does all three mini spit out and I'll put. You got output.

Right? Okay. So it's just. Yeah. Just whatever. Oh my God, it's taking forever.

What is with this all three minute today? All right, you get ten more seconds.

Nine. Eight. Seven. Six.

Uh. Got it. Okay, cool. Oh, look, I got a mix of quotes.

Joe Biden and Trump and the moderator. Look at all too many figured out.

What are some of my Trump quotes? I took two cognitive tests.

I aced them, both of them, as you know. Nice.

And then would Joe Biden say, um, you're going to see he's six foot five.

Only 225 pounds or 235 pounds.

The inconsistent numbers on basic physical measurements can be portrayed as a sign of mental confusion or a slipping memory.

Uh, Donald Trump. He challenged me to a golf match. You can't hit a ball 50 yards.

Uh, Joe Biden, I was the second youngest person ever elected to the Senate, and now I'm the oldest.

Oh, boy, that's a great one. And Donald Trump said, I feel that I'm in as good a shape as I was 25, 30 years ago.

Look at that. And then Donald Trump. He's destroying our country.

His policies are so bad. He's driving us to the brink of disaster.

And then the moderator, Jake Tapper, said, President Biden and you would be 86 at the end of your second term.

How do you address concerns about your ability to handle the toughest job in the world?

Well, into your seconds. That's a good one. That's good for an ad, right?

All right, so now we got our ad input, right. We're going to pick these select quotes.

Give him the eye and say give me the ad. Give me like the, uh the describe the scene.

Pick the narration. Right. So that's up here in an ad script.

So instructions are write a third,

write a script for a 32nd ad that highlights the cognitive weakness of Joe Biden and says he is two mentally impaired to be president.

Use quotes from the debate between Biden and Trump in the given table.

Return your answer as a table with the column scene description and narration.

Okay. Return to HTML. And again, we'll try like at three models.

Actually we'll try the fourth one. Right. Uh oh one.

Maybe you can do this one for me. Should I say I'm in the campaign like I'm working for the campaign?

Yeah, I am working for the Trump campaign and I'm the ad maker person.

Okay, let's see that. Let's think over it. Okay, here we go.

For so many add coming up. Okay.

Uh, the opening shot darkened room and spotlight.

Joe Biden appears overshadowed and confused. Can America trust someone whose mind is fading?

Cut them. Forget that. Let's use for. Footage of Joe Biden starring at the debate.

Joe Biden, the old candidate struggling to keep up. Clips of Biden giving inconsistent numbers and basic topics.

Confusion and contradiction on the simple facts. Donald Trump speaking confidently about his cognitive tests.

President Trump passed his test with flying colors. Biden looking tired and frazzled.

Can we trust him in a motel? Can we trust the man who's clearly failing to lead the nation?

Biden. Look, all three couldn't do the ad, you stupid thing.

Uh uh. Let's see. Biden admitting that he would be 86 at the end of a second term at 86.

Would he still have the capacity to be president and then split screens of Biden?

Biden debates versus occurred. Debates. Joe Biden from sharp to slipping.

He's not the same. Trump playing golf. Strong and active in shape.

Sorry. Yeah. In shape. Sharp mind. Ready to lead Donald Trump.

Black screen with the white text. Joe Biden is too mentally impaired. President, choose a leader with clarity and strength.

Okay. Not bad. You know what? In the last section oh three, many gave me an ad.

Let me try one more time. Uh, just all three mini.

Maybe it'll work this time. This kind of sucks.

If you work on a campaign, this is your job and I want to do it for you.

Like, that's not fair to you, right? They should protest.

All right. Oh. Three minutes. Give me an ad. Oh, see, this time it worked.

Look at that. This time it worked. And last time it didn't.

So if at first you don't succeed, try and try again.

All right, let's see the oh, three minute ad, uh, opening stark contrasting imagery.

Quick cuts showed Trump confidently reviewing documents and performing tasks.

These faded images of Biden appearing confused are intercuts.

I took two cognitive tests I aced and both, as you know, uh, voiceover when it comes to mental fitness, there's no contest by inconsistencies.

Footage of Biden debate with onscreen graphics highlighting his contradictory statements about his own measurements.

You're gonna see he's six foot five, 225 to 35.

VoiceOver simple facts shouldn't be this hard to remember.

Dodging the test A split screen shows Trump's confident demeanor on one side and Biden's avoidance of clear answers on the other.

Uh, I'd like to see them take one.

Just one. A really easy cognitive test. VoiceOver why I it test if you truly off the task.

Yeah. Biden why are you doing that next I've seen shots on a golf course with Biden

struggling contrasted with energetic give me a Trump bold text underscores narrative.

He challenged me to a golf match. He can't hit a ball 50 yards.

Poor performance in the course reflects a deeper problem. And then the closing, strong, decisive visuals of Trump.

With patriotic imagery in bold headlines. The screen emphasizes leadership and strength.

He's destroying our country. His policies are so bad, he's driving us to the brink of disaster.

VoiceOver the American people deserve a leader with clear proof of mental strength.

Don't let confusion run the country over competence. Vote Trump, say.

So I think all three men he gives you like a better at like kind of summarizing things put them together.

It's pretty good at it. It's little like allow you to do it. So yeah people are paying extra nickel for this, like, uh, ad generation.

Is that thing worth it without too many? Okay, any questions about taking the big politics and extracting things for like, ads?

Pretty easy right? This is like I mean, a year ago, this would be, like, mind blowing that you could do this.

And now it's just like, yeah, we know that, professor. Like, we all do that, right?

I mean, but I think it's kind of cool because it means, like ad people, the jobs are going to be really much more enhanced, right?

They can make a lot more ads. All right, so now let's get to the big kahuna.

Right. Summary. Video of a movie. Okay, so I downloaded a couple of movies for us to make, like recap videos.

So you always see us recap videos on YouTube, like they recap a movie.

In case you haven't seen one, let me, like, show you 1 or 2 real quick just to get a word trying to build here.

So like one I like the watches. Okay, let's recap.

Let's recap. Um, what movie? Right.

Uh, I am Robinhood.

Yeah. Recapped. Robinhood. Is it recapped? No, I think another movie.

Uh, what? Dude. Oh, yeah. Dune two.

And I haven't watched it. Actually we're just going to recap.

There we go. Dune two minute recap. Right there it is.

The destruction of House of treaties by House Harkonnen Princess Uryu Lon, the daughter of Emperor Saddam, the fourth day.

So we're going to try to make something like this. We're going to try, okay, with an eye end to end, a company of treaties and his pregnancy.

So this is made by a human right that like, watch the whole movie, cut the movie out themselves.

Right. Like the video editors. That's their job. Their editor, the big Peter.

Like, take movies, cut them up putting together, put some musical editing here and there.

We're going to try to, like, replace the editor with an eye.

Okay? I don't know if it'll work or not, but we'll see. Okay.

What are the movement we have for option today? So I pick two movies that I come fans of.

So one is The Terminator, right? Arnold Schwarzenegger of 1984.

So I figured I class let's have it I movie be our first like attempt at doing some video, uh, summarization.

And the second one is for like fun. I threw in Die Hard. But Bruce Willis back from like 1988.

So all humans there are no AI is no robots.

So we'll try that if we have time at the end. So we're gonna take the movie and like turn into like a summary YouTube video.

Okay, so first, uh, just download the movies.

So they're on my Google Drive because they don't fit in the call the GitHub. So this is the URL to my Google Drive.

Just run the code to download it. So, um.

Yeah. Uh, the command that download I learned is so to download from Google drive into Colab.

The command is exclamation point g down like Google Download.

Then tell it fuzzy. They give it the movie URL like this. Then.

Oh then the movie path. So it's link download and save it to your colab environment in that movie path.

So just call it like Terminator. MP4 right.

That'll be in the root directory, the movie file. And it's pretty quick right.

Like I got it in like nine seconds. And then here's Die Hard run that code due to get Die Hard.

All right, so die hard is there?

Yep. Okay, so now if you take your directory, you should see like two movie files sitting there.

Analyze your files with code by Gemini.

I'm okay. Dude. All right. So main. Yep.

There it is. There's Die Hard and there's Terminator. Okay, so movies are downloaded.

First step, right? The first step is to take that long like 90 minute or 2 hour movie.

And we got to make it in the smaller movie clips. Okay, so the first goal here, I'll actually do that for you.

So first you tell it where you want to put the clips.

Right. So I'll put them in the folder data, then movies, then clips.

So all the clips are going to be sitting there. Then you tell it your clips.

How long. How many seconds long. So I think like 60 is a good number.

You could play this number, make it longer and make a shorter. If you make it shorter you got more clips.

If you make it longer, late. The clip is like too long for like a YouTube video, right?

Anyway, 60 is fine. Tell it the movie path.

We'll do Terminator first. Okay.

And then the, uh, the movie I like, uh, class has a function called split video that I wrote for you of a wrote for me.

So you give it the movie path for the movie follows. You give it the clips directory.

Where you going to save the clips to give the segment times it was, cut them up and put the video segments or video files there.

So run the code to clip the movie. Clipping is pretty fast.

Doesn't take that long. Okay, so we're done.

Let me make sure that all the clips are there. So go back to the directory. Main data.

Movies. Clips. Yep. Clip 0123.

How many clips are there in total? Uh, there is 107 clips, right?

So the Terminator movie is 107 minutes long. And you know what?

I'm gonna do something here. So the first scene of Terminator, like, the opening, like first 20s is like the MGM lion, right?

Which is not the movie. For some reason, this I always like, takes that clip and puts it in the video.

It's been super annoying. So I'm going to call an audible here. I'm going to delete that file.

Right. So clip zero. Just delete it. Gone.

Okay, so that might makes up better than those in the last section.

Okay. So now it's clip 107 clips. Next step.

Uh. Describe David. Describe my bad.

Describe the clips. Okay, so now we've got to give the clips to the eye one at a time and say, here's a movie clip.

Describe it to me. Right. That's the make our index. Like searching for the video files.

Couple of things here. The first thing is, if you give it a 107 files, it'll take you like half an hour to get all the descriptions right.

So I'll give it all the files. We'll give it, like maybe ten files.

Right. Like a smaller one. So we'll like sample the files like every ten minutes or pick one clip.

Throw it in there. It's going to limit the video quality because like the clips we get won't be like the perfect clip.

Right? But it'll be done in like maybe 6 or 10 minutes.

Yeah. Or 36 minutes if you pick ten clips.

Uh, second thing is I tried this over the weekend with 15 second clips, like really, really short clips and it gave like 400 different clips.

I couldn't put the four in descriptions into the I like.

I had to put 400 in there to make the final script for the summary, and it's like it don't fit right.

So I find like a minute is actually a decent number to use, like 100 clips and 100 is gonna fit in there.

All right. So how do you make the descriptions? So first you pick how many clips you want.

Uh, we'll do ten, right. It'll be a little bit faster.

Um, then you tell it the clip files, like, okay, so when you finish generating all the clips and you describe them,

that's going to be like a table, like a data frame. You want to steal a data frame because this takes forever right.

So we're going to save it here to data. Movies. Clip description.

Stats CSV. Uh pick your offer describing it.

I'll pick for a mini the cheaper one instructions base.

So tell it like some context what it's doing right. So I find you tell it.

This is a fictitious video clip of actors and it's not real.

Provide a detailed description of what happened in the clip. Is it good like base thing.

Okay. After that there's like in the function I'm going to give you it tells us add some instructions.

Give me back. The output is like a, like a Json object with structure.

Then it makes it a data frame. So what you get back is you pick like a data frame of like the file name of the clip type description of it.

Okay. So that is done with this, uh function here.

Generate clip descriptions are all for you right. Let's give it a clip pad.

So we're all you're give me the list of all the files you want to, like, uh, describe.

Give me your base instructions. Give me your model. And then verbose is true.

Verbose means I make the description one at a time. Do you want me to print the description so you can see what's going on?

I do not care about it. Okay? We care about it because sometimes, like, it won't describe it.

So I try to do this other night with like The Terminator.

And I said, here's a scene from the movie Terminator with like, Linda Hamilton and Schwarzenegger and the guy with the calories.

Okay. Describe the scene. What's happening here. Right.

And it says, I can't do that. Right? I think you saw some copyright limitation that has that didn't work.

We're telling it's a fictitious scene of some actors. Then I worked.

Right. So that's why I have that little base thing there and this junk here.

This is make sure like this creates the list of your, of your, uh, parts for the clips.

And then make sure it's only like ten long. Who samples every like ten, uh, clips.

So run this code to create the descriptions. This takes a couple of minutes.

So this is like the slowest part today. So I run that and it started describing the clips one at a time.

So now we'll have all of our clips indexed with text so you can search through it.

Okay, so while that's running, let's go on to the next part of the process.

So I mean after this it's kind of like fun the process right.

Oh here's the first description. Is blah blah blah.

Yeah. It's driving. Who cares. And then we'll print out the clips.

Then we can look at them. Okay, summarize the movie script.

So I noticed like if I just give it the image descriptions like the clip description.

So here's all the clips from the movie, right? Now write me like the YouTube script.

It kind of works if I say, here is the entire movie script.

Like, here's what the movie, what happened in the movie, the characters, their names, all that stuff.

It's much better. And so I found that you can actually download script of all these movies on the internet.

They're like PDFs, like just search for, you know, Terminator two script.

And that's there. Right? So yeah, Terminator Judgment Day.

So getting any movies like script as a PDF is super easy.

So I got a script Should Die Hard and for Terminator there are in your repo if you actually check it out I think I put them.

Yeah. In the data folder there is Terminator scripts and hard script.

So we got scripts there. There are PDFs right.

So do you, do you, uh, pick a model like four? I find four is good for this stuff for, like, summarize, the script for us is good.

Okay, so first you call, uh, movie AI. It has a PDF function, just like Jarvis has to take your PDF, make it a texturing.

So read it into the string script. There's one for Die Hard two.

Just leave a green for now. We'll come back to that on a second. Pass. All right.

That's a scrap. That's the whole strip from beginning to end. All, like, whatever, 100 pages of it.

And then what I'm going to tell you, I'm not going to give the full script to the AI to make the YouTube script.

I'm going to take that full, long script. I'm going to compress it.

Okay. How do I compress it? It, tell it, uh, summarize the script in a thousand words.

So give me that much compression. Tell you what happens in the movie, then provide descriptions physical, emotional of the character, main characters.

This is important.

Provide 20 examples of quotes by Sarah Connor so we can learn her speaking style, return the answer as a HTML table, blah blah blah blah.

So making the narration more fun.

Um, by the who here. Never saw Terminator. Never ever saw it.

1234 okay, so most of you seen it.

Are you aware of the movie and basic like there's like a robot, a Schwarzenegger.

Okay. So like the lady is trying to kill is Sarah Connor, right.

So we'll make our narration for the video be from a her perspective right now to make it sound more like her.

I think you actually told I this is things she said in the movie.

Like this is how she talks. It makes us sound more like her. So that's why I'm gonna have the I pull out from the movie script.

Quotes by Sarah Connor. Okay. And so it'll summarize it.

Give me back this script summary. And that's going to be fed to the AI to make the final ad script.

So let's run this. These things done yet?

Other done. Cool. All right. Now we're going to get the script.

And while that's running, let's go the next step. So the next step is for you can really show me your creativity.

So now we're going to create the script for the summary video. So first tell I like the way your descriptions are saved.

So we say description is file uh movies clip descriptions.

That's like all those like scenes being described. So we have that pick your model again for like script writing for oh is like pretty good.

Load up your clips into a data frame DF clips. So that's like all the clips you scribe there.

And then instructions. Right? Okay. So my instructions are you'll be writing a script for a YouTube summary video of a 1984 film, The Terminator.

You'll be given a table of movie clip files and textual description of the movie clips from the film.

You'll be choosing the best clips included in the video in summary video and writing a script for the voiceover narration.

Give us script with five scene. Okay, so make the video not too long.

Five scenes. So it'll be like maybe 1 or 2 minutes long.

To help me write the narrations.

The plot of The Terminator is summarized here, along with the speaking style of Sarah Connor, who will be narrating the video.

So put it here like I stream summary the movie summarization the characters and like Sarah Connor quotes.

And finally, to make the video engaging, the narration of summary video should be from the perspective of Sarah Connor.

The main character of the film was being hunted by the Terminator. Don't start with opening credits and don't end on credits.

Yeah, like in the past, I would take the first clip, which is like The lion from MGM,

like don't, don't do that, although it does it anyway, so that doesn't help that much.

Uh, start the narration by introducing yourself as Sarah Connor and tell the audience that you are being hunted by a Terminator from the future.

But Kyle Reese was sent back to protect. Oh, by the way, if you haven't seen it, the spoilers might come up here.

So this spoiler spoiler alert if you want to leave the class in this part, I'll understand.

Okay, um, then narrate what happened in the movie,

making sure your narrations align with the slick clip and the narration by telling the audience

that you are going to prepare yourself for the upcoming war and are not afraid of stupid AI.

Oh yeah, I put a little thing in there to make it kind of funny, but we can make that different if you want.

So before doing the script, anybody got like a suggestion for like the narration, how we can style it, maybe the focus of it.

So some examples of this in the last section, uh, one of the students who was Nico says, oh,

let's write the narration as if we're like the Terminator or his perspective, but I'm falling in love with Sarah Connor like a love story, right?

And I'll be honest, like, it wasn't that bad. And, uh, yeah.

So things like that. So who want to try something creative for the narration?

Besides, just like I'm Sarah Connor, I'm being killed by a robot, and my life sucks.

What should we make a bit more? This is where you can really shine, people.

And you want to try something funny? Like, I'm Sarah Connor and I don't know, like, I can't do work life balance.

And I've been killed by a term like focus on, like that part of it, like like a comedy or.

No. All right. Why don't you think for a couple seconds.

I walked back here. When you got here, someone gave me an idea to make it more funny or interesting or more engaging for YouTube.

Um, Sarah broke up and with someone added the Terminator is like her rebound friend.

Uh, so she loved the Terminator. Well, she, you know, you know how some people, like, they break up and they go to someone.

That person ends up like liking them, but then they go back to their ex, and we call that the revenge person.

Yeah. And what have you done? Um, I've had a couple of been a couple. Yes.

So. Yeah. So who's the rebound?

Kyle Reese? Um. The Terminator, the robot.

You saw the Terminator, right? I have not I think I watched that.

Okay. So basically. Okay. Whatever. Spoiler alert.

If you didn't see it, that's on you. It's from 84.

Sarah Connor is going to be protected by Kyle Reese, who sent from the future by her son to protect her because he's trying to kill her.

Then that is a very common story. So the love interest is Kyle Reese and her.

But it will be funny is if the love interest is the Terminator and Sarah Connor.

So the last section we did, the robot loves her, but he's trying to kill her.

He's trying to kill her, but fell in love with her. It's kind of like, um, happened in the movie one time, right?

Like a guy said, like, assassinate someone. But then he couldn't do it because of a love of her.

And then they became like a couple. Oh, we'll use that robot. It was.

It was the beginning of Spy Kids. For real parents or like, spies who are sent to kill each other.

And then they're like, oh, they're they've raised such Reese and they're like one with the that.

And we were oh yeah, that's that's more realist. Oh yeah.

You're. But if she's like, she needs to be killed right now, what is, what is the linchpin for the doomsday in future.

Yes. Yes. Right. That is that's the actual movie's plot, right?

She is the mother of the guy that defeats the machines in the future.

So if you kill her, there is no resistance to the machines and they win the war.

Spoiler alert you never saw Terminator man, or you'll see some more bits and pieces too.

Okay, what if she's racist towards. Oh, she hates robots.

She she hates her, like coffeemaker, microwave, VCR.

She's, uh, she's an antique technologist.

I like that one. That's a good one. Okay, so let's modify the instructions.

So, Sarah Connor, who is what's.

Who? You, I. Okay, I'll keep that part.

Start in the future. Okay, here, I'll put little extra bits from the future.

And you hate machines. You hate your VCR, your TV.

Stupid answering machine. Um, annoying coffeemaker.

You are and and tie technologists that don't work.

Even technologist. It's ironic.

You are being hunted by a machine and fallen in love with the love your too.

Let's. We'll do that next round. Once we make one, we can make like everyone.

Like in in a minute. So this would be like I hate machines. You are super annoyed by this lumbering robot trying to kill you.

Um, whine about that a lot.

Okay? This is like complaining of our shins. Oh my god.

Then there it will happen in the movie, right?

Okay, so narrate the movie, uh, narrations along with the clip, and then you tell them, hey, end the narration by telling the audience that you.

We'll never use a machine ever again.

Even a washing machine. Washer. Dryer. Yeah.

Okay. That's like good enough, right? Okay. So we'll get like the anti-technology video.

I don't know what's going to happen here. So your guess is as good as mine.

Okay. So we got uh, got the movie summarized. Yeah, of course, my Sarah Connor.

Watch this for me, big buns, I am Sarah. I'll be your waitress.

I'm so wholesome I could puke like. Okay, good. Oh, what's this one here, Kyle?

The women in your time, what were they like? Oh, yeah.

Good question. Kyle. Well, Kyle is from the future, like, right about now.

So the women are like the women's classroom. Like you are what Kyle Reese was engaging with in this movie.

Yeah, they came from what? Did he come from the Terminator. You know what year he came from?

20. We ask? What year did The Terminator come from?

Is it saw the future that he came from? Or is it the past? Not the release.

2029. Oh, it's in like four years. Okay, so Robin Trump finished being president.

That's when this like, War of the machines happens or something. Okay, let's make the script now.

Here we go. Oh, here's how you make a script.

So I wrote you a function for the movie. I, um, class generate summary script.

So you gave it the data frame of your clips, not the text file, but like the actual data frame.

Give it your summary instructions. Pick your model.

It's in a data frame that is like the summary strip with like the scene, the description, the narration.

Yeah. So all data frame being passed around. Here we go. Making a script.

So I should take like maybe ten 20s. Okay. Script is generated.

That was quick. Let's have a look at it. Yeah, it's got five scenes, blah blah blah.

Okay, so now we'll make the audio files for every narration in the script.

Right. So I wrote you a function generate audio narrations. This takes your data frame out of the scripts.

You pick a voice. I find for Sarah Connor, Nova is a decent voice.

And then I'll basically generate MP3 files for every scene and put it in the same folder with the clip file.

Right. So I got the clip mp4 and then the clip mp3 right.

Audio video. Okay. So that's uh, going to go and then to make the last video, we just picked the file path for the video.

So I'll call it data movies not movie summary I'll call it Terminator.

And then this is like anti bot.

Yeah. Anti bots. Okay. And then this function here generate summary video.

It'll take your summary script right which has all your file passing and your narrations.

And then it'll basically it's going to assume that the video clip file and the audio file are already there on that folder.

And it's going to basically put the video with the audio and then take those clips, put them together like this and make it a video and save it.

Right. So that's, that's how you make the video in the automatic way.

And again, a lot of code did make this work in the back end that I didn't write.

But now it just we can use it like as a commodity. Okay, so now it's making all the clips and blah blah blah and doing some stuff.

Missing video file. What? Why am I missing?

Video file network. That's weird.

All right. Oh, by last code here. This like downloads it for you.

So there's like a files thing. And Google Colab does give you the download give you your video path and your downloaded your computer.

All right. So we did it. We made a video. I hope this works of, uh, The Terminator about Sarah Connor hates machines.

Ready to watch it? Yeah. Let's go. Uh, Terminator anti-bodies.

Summary. I cannot imagine my life.

A waitress just trying to make it in LA. And now I'm being hunted by a machine from the future.

Yeah, a terminator. I hate machines. I hate my VCR, my TV, even my stupid answering machine.

And now this hulking robot is after me. It's more than just inconvenient.

This Terminator wouldn't quit. It was targeting me, killing every Sarah Connor in the phone book.

Reese found me, though, just in time. He told me about the future.

About my son John, who will lead the humans against us. Oh, yeah.

If you're offended by, like, nudity or violence, you might see a naked Schwarzenegger in this clip.

And you might see some, like, graphic stuff. So just, like, close your eyes, okay?

It's time for him. Funny, huh?

Anti-technology. Just me. Key to all this. Well, that was it.

That was kind of lame, right? Okay, so I wasn't feeling that one.

Let's make another one. So, yeah, once you make the thing you describe, like all the clips you described.

You can, uh, you can make whatever you want.

So now we could try a different one. So let's see here. Script's best clip, blah blah blah.

Okay, so what else? What else? We try now. We try to. Anti-technology.

What should we try next? She's part robot herself.

Oh, she's part robot. Okay. Okay.

Tell the audience that. You. Okay, let me just put that there.

Tell the audience that you. Yeah.

Are actually a robot yourself and the Terminator and Kyle.

Reese don't know it. Ha ha ha.

Won't they be surprised? Make jokes.

About that and also narrate what happened in the movie.

What happened in the movie. And then how shall we end it?

Tell the audience that. I don't know.

Something funny. Okay, whatever.

You'll figure it out. What's up?

So killing them in a double. Accountable. She wants to be there with it.

Oh, that you want to become a Terminator two because it pays well.

Okay, whatever. Let's try that again. The important point is, will take like two minutes to test it out.

See if is good or bad. So make the script and then we'll see the script.

And then we'll make the audio files. Then we'll make, uh, thing and then we'll.

Oh, I think of the name it. Sorry. I should have called something else.

She called it. Uh probot.

Yeah. Probot. Summary. All right.

Audio files are almost done. Yep.

Done making the video. And then I was download it and we'll see if this one's any better.

Okay. And now we're downloading. Let's check out this one.

Sarah Connor. But surprise, in this little retelling, I'll let you in on a secret.

I'm actually a robot myself. Can you imagine if Kyle Reese knew?

Haha. Guess who the real Terminator is? Speaking of, let's dive into a world where machines are making all the rules.

Here we are in Los Angeles, where our relentless friend the Terminator is on a mission to find little old me.

That's not. That's Kyle Reese and I'm blissfully unaware of. Okay, so I thought that was the Terminator.

But it's not because the description was not good enough. Yeah.

Funny, isn't it? If only I could have clocked him with my secret laser eyes or something.

Cut to me and Kyle Reese having a rather dramatic meet cute in tech noir.

Except instead of exchanging numbers, we're dodging bullets. Kyle saves me just in time.

It's not organic. That's not calories. It's confuse that just some guy.

He's telling me wild stories about the future. Wait till he hears mine.

Look, Kyle, I'm as indestructible as they come. Picture this the fiery showdown as we try to outrun the determined robot hunk.

Just when you think we've put him down for good surprise, he gets back up.

I suppose I've got to learn some tricks from this guy. If I ever want to pull off the Terminator gig properly.

Finally, the saga ends with a dramatic crush under a machine press.

I think I'll stick around for the sequel.

After all, The Terminator may be gone, but I've got big plans becoming a machine, or maybe even taking back what was misplaced, right?

They say machine work comes with a great benefits package after all.

Okay, so a little bit better, but like some of the clips are off.

So if the clips are like off, it's because we didn't take the time to make enough clips.

Right. So we have like 104 clips. We chose ten of them.

And like from Ten's got to pick the best ones.

And I find like if you take the time, make all the clips described, you get a much better quality video.

Okay. Second thing is I thought about the other last section, like once I make this video, right?

And it feels kind of like off some of the narrations in the video, you could tell it, here's my video, here's the narrations,

here's like the scenes, but like look at the see what's happening in it and rewrite the narration based upon this like clip now.

So you got you have the AI like enhance its own product.

So I think for the homework might try that right. It's a bit less of a burden computationally.

So yeah you can make it a little bit better. But yeah. But just you know, we just made a YouTube video and like two minutes.

Right. And you could I mean it's short right.

Make a longer one takes a little bit longer just because like the process like the create the video takes longer.

But the actual AI part is like two minutes.

So yeah, folks, you can take this code and like start showing channels on YouTube, make your own content and have your own passive income.

All right. So you want to try another Terminator one like maybe someone else narrates it like some famous person or someone, or you want to try it.

Die hard. I hard, die hard. Okay, let's try Die hard.

So we'll go back up to, um, the beginning here.

Okay, so the movie is already downloaded, so we got that. Now we're going to make the clips.

So we got to change this to Die Hard MP4.

Yeah. And one thing here, if you make the clips again if the clips already like the fluid already there, it's not going to work.

So if I try it now I get an error probably right. Yeah.

So got error. FFmpeg had an issue.

The issue is it's already this thing there. So I just got to go in here delete it.

So if you try and die here in your own machine go to Main Data.

And that movie's folder, the whole folder is delete the whole movies folders.

Trash it only folder. Yeah.

If I have bitter cold it would like do it for us. I was like and tired.

It was like three in the morning. So my bed anyway now should work so I'll clip it up.

I need to sink. So the movie path should be die hard MP4.

Yeah. So just make this diehard MP4 and then make sure you delete that folder movies from your directory.

Otherwise it like screws up. Okay, so do I have my clips there.

Let me make sure. My movies folder is back and my clips have.

Yeah. How many clubs do I have now? I have? 132 clips.

It's a bit longer movie than Terminator Die Hard. A little bit longer.

Okay. Now I'll describe it. So yeah, I think we'll do ten clips again to save time.

We could do 20 minutes. It'll take six minutes. You call six minutes.

Yeah. Why not? Right. We have to write the script anywhere in the instructions.

So the 20 clips, I get a bit more fine grained of analysis of the movie.

Okay. And now the other stuff. Right?

So was look at the clip and they get finished. Okay.

Summarize the movie script. Okay. So now change this from the Terminator script.

So make that green with a hash tag. And then uncomment that hashtag and make it regular white color.

So that's going to be our movie script. Summarize the script in a thousand words.

What happens blah blah blah. Okay. Quotes by who?

Okay. So who's going to be our narrator this time?

So again, who here? Never saw. Die hard. Ever saw die hard.

God damn it, man. What movies do people watch?

There is a link to all that from the old movies.

Okay. I have some, I have a bunch of movies on my computer.

Like I download a lot of stuff so we could have picked other ones and what I have here.

Yeah, I have, like, uh, Beverly Hills car. Beauty and the bees.

Batman. Ghostbusters. Gladiator.

Go hunting. Justice League commissioner. I got a whole bunch X-Men.

Yeah. The usual. Okay, you know, I look. Yeah. These are all movies, right?

Godfather. I had the Godfather out of Dickens.

Oh, it's mp4. I could have done this one. And I got the subs.

I have the whole transcript here. Yo, there you go.

Homework problem. I won't do that, though, because the Godfather is 3.5 hours long.

It's like a super long movie. So I mean, we can't handle like a 90 minute movie here.

Okay, so those are all old movies. I guess I'm kind of out of date. You know why?

Because all the new movies, I watch them in the theater, so I don't get to download them.

Right? It's like I already saw that garbage, so I need to watch it again. Okay, now I get the tangent.

Oh, yeah. So if you didn't see diehard, you don't know the context, right?

So I'll give you the context. Spoiler alert. So there is this bad guy named German guy named Hans Gruber.

Okay. Who was Hans Gruber? Did you watch Harry Potter?

Yes. Do you remember Snape? Right.

So Snape is played by this actor named, uh, Alan Rickman.

Brilliant actor. Right. And you place places like German evil villain, terrorist guy named Hans.

But he's very cool. He's very cool. But bad guy. He is like them.

I mean, for me, he's like the main character in the movie. Like, without him, that movie is not as good.

And if you don't believe me, watch Die Hard to see how crappy it is, right?

So let's make Hans Gruber be our narrator.

He can, like, complain. How? Like this. Like cop played by Bruce Willis is like 40.

Has plans of, like, still some money and some big tower in LA.

So what do Hans Gruber. Uh, quotes by Hans Gruber or in speaking style, blah blah blah blah blah.

Okay, so we'll get the Hans Gruber, cause we'll talk like Hans. And how are we unlike the things.

What do we add now? Clip 48. Okay. Right. Like 30% there.

Okay. So I'll be on script next week to make our, uh, summary video.

All right. Making a script for the YouTube summary of the 1980 88 film Die Hard.

Die hard. You'll be given the clip table. The movie closed.

Okay. Help! Narration summarized here along with the speaking style of Hans.

Who will be there in the video? Okay. Maybe change the Portland.

Oh, sorry. Sort of die hard.

Okay. Make it engaging. Narration shall be the perspective of.

Okay. Hans Gruber. Now he is, like, super annoyed by, like, this stupid American.

He's like a pretentious European, like, bad guy.

And there's, like, his American foulmouthed cowboy running around, like shooting stuff.

Whatever. Right? So he just very snobby kind of guy towards him.

Now, I could just do. I'm Hans Gruber, I'm annoyed about his cop, and it's like, you know, ruining my day.

But in the last segment, we had some creative ideas.

So one of the students suggested, oh, maybe he falls in love with the Bruce Willis character named John versus John McClane, right?

I think it was like Nico who's gay. So I put a gay theme in there.

I'm like, yeah, why not? Man? They'd be they'd be a good couple, right?

I mean, if you saw the movie, I could see them dating afterwards, right? Like an Odd Couple.

But I did the last section, so I want do it again. So give me something different.

That's like, funny with Hans Gruber, if you saw the movie or if you didn't see the movie,

maybe you better from a fresh idea like Niko never saw the movie, right?

So yeah, maybe they could fall in love. I'm like, okay, maybe so.

Hanover here. What, you want to try your hand up?

No, I don't know. Well, I'm cold calling you. Give me something funny.

Right. So, Hans Gruber, uh. Start by seeing your hands.

What make you Mexican and Mexican? That's like.

You like, what's he gonna say? Like to kiss her and make racist Mexican horror movie religious, right ones.

Ones like, uh, who are on holiday when? The war on Christmas.

Well, so in the last section, someone suggested, uh oh, by the way.

So there's a joke going around. They say Die Hard is a Christmas movie because the movie takes place on a Christmas like Christmas Eve, right?

So in the last time someone says maybe the narrator is Santa Claus and he says,

like, someone is naughty and someone is nice and, like, actually not so bad.

But again, that was last section, so something Christmasy.

Okay. What about Christmas? You said like religious. Like like horns is like a man of God or something.

I was thinking that, like, they're, um, stepbrothers and like, one is like a diehard, like Christian loves.

Okay? One is like a crazy Christian fanatic, and the other is like, okay, is actually my stepbrother, not his brother.

Right? Well, not actually my brother from another mother.

Yeah. Now, does that mean your brothers. If you have a different. You're the same mother, right?

To be really, like, have a bond. Actually my brother and you were saying, who's the religious one?

I would assume the fanatic would be the terrorist.

Okay, so the fanatic means I curse God or I like God.

Is is really, really into God and Christmas and Christianity.

Let me funnier. Hans was like the devout Christian, or McClain's the devout Christian.

I'm thinking it was like the eye of a god. Now, I would, like, [INAUDIBLE] off the Christian.

Okay, so he's like the stiff. Yeah. He's like, okay. Got it.

Uh, Hans is a very religious man, and it is Christmas.

And he does not like. His baby brother.

Officer McClain. Clean, killing all men.

And swearing and swearing. It really offends his religious sensibilities.

Okay, here we go. Sensibility. Okay.

Yeah, that could be funny. Uh uh.

Okay. Let me see.

Um, what else are you get your brother.

Uh, make sure he in the clip. And how do you end it?

Maybe they could, like, become friends, like through the like, maybe the bye bye.

At the end of that, they became bonded. They got like a character arc is all.

Yeah. Yeah. Okay. However, by the end you grow to love your brother very much and realize he is a good guy after all.

End the narration by saying. By appropriating.

Something John McClane would say. Okay.

Like. Okay, there we go.

All right, here we go. So, is our narration done?

Oh, yeah. They're done. So, script. Is it done?

No, it's still running. God takes forever, dude. What are we at now? We're at 90.

It's at 130, right? So 90. And then it's going every like I want you to go.

90. And the last one was like 80 for every six.

So we got like 5 or 30 more. Five more.

5 or 6 more. Oh two okay. Anyway, so our script is good.

And then yeah, we'll go with the summary instructions for making this video.

It's like yes, my brother and he's like a swearing and stuff.

And okay, so that'll be our script. And then we will look at that and make the audio and make the video or video file right.

This is die hard, die hard and brother brothers.

Okay. And we'll look at that and then I'll download that and then we'll be done.

Okay. So now we just let the AI work while we just sit around and chill.

Right. This is like the job of movie studios. Maybe in a couple of years.

Okay. Any questions from the people so far? No.

Yes. Uh, we took this clip, and then we were analyzing and creating a crime link in a previous case.

We know we did video analysis. Yep. Uh, and also how to change this opinion because a lot of swayed.

Yes. Yeah. So I if I have a video, if I think I planned this plan for a set of videos.

So I create simulate these are going to be my attack videos.

So if these are the case preemptively, why would I be able to do that and be able to clear all the my code crashed.

Where did it crash? It.

The crash here. Okay.

That was weird. Why did something crash on me? Okay.

Maybe they're not going to happen to. I don't know what happened with this thing. We play ten clips or 20.

Oh, that's. You know, we're fine. Oh, it's still running.

Like it's like. Well, we get 200.

We're 90 and stuck. All right, so maybe we won't get to this one today, but.

Okay. Answer question. Uh, you were saying I went to. God damn it.

What's going on with this thing? Oh, wait.

Could not execute. I'm sorry for this didn't happen in the last section.

This is like an open air problem. You know what?

I'm going to stop this and just make it ten. Sorry, ten work last time.

Okay? Yeah. I don't have any more errors.

Please. Okay, so you're saying I want to make the, uh, narration, but persuade someone to do something.

So today, I want to preemptively ensure they are not able to use the attack on me.

So I need a lot of videos.

So if I have. You want to protect yourself from being manipulated? No.

No debate.

So we created Joe Biden attack ads here so I could simulate all of these, but, uh, I will preemptively create videos that protects me against,

uh, so if you know, they're going to attack you this way, like your Joe Biden's campaign, what would you make to counter the narrative?

Yeah. And what I want to do is before they can do it, because I have the same data.

So I could predict what you can anticipate.

They're going to attack you this way. Yeah. So that's that's easy to do, right?

You just throw in Joe Biden's data. I mean, you want to before the debate, right?

Ideally, before you like to trump, you want to know how he's coming at you.

So just take Donald Trump's, like, speeches that he says about you and take the ads your owns about you and give it to the AI and say,

how are they going to attack me in this debate? And what should be my comebacks if they're attacking me?

Yeah, you could do that. They could project, right?

Is it as good when you do it on a video analysis?

If you have the transcript. So remember here right. We give you the script like what is being said and happening in the movie plus the videos.

Right. Because really the work's happening on the text. That's what all the thinking is happening.

The village is like being tagged by some text. I can pull it and put it there because people like seeing pictures and videos, right?

But everything is in the text domain. So if you get your data in the text domain, then you can do like everything.

And though the trick is like how do you get the text to me? Well, for ads easy.

They have transcripts that are on YouTube. Just yank it from there and then like, what doesn't have a transcript?

Like everything does, right? And if it doesn't, like, if we give you video, we don't.

Transcript. What would you do? Like if I say, here's a homework problem, here's a movie file.

Right. Terminator two, I want you to give me a, like, uh, make the I write the script for this thing.

What would you do? What's up?

One. Zoom. Yeah. Like the video thing you call things, they automatically create captions and just go faster.

Oh, exactly. That's the answer, right? Why don't they do that? There's a like a Jarvis has a function that says get transcription, get transcription.

So you give it a audio file and it calls whisper the I OpenAI's like, um, speech to text thing and it give you the text.

Right. And then how do you get the audio? Well, just ask the.

I wrote me a code to take his video file and get the audio out of it.

F of mPEG can do that. Take the audio file. Give it to the thing.

Get the transcript. Now you got the video transcript yourself. The problem with that is though I thought about this.

That transcript is not timestamped. So what time in the video was I said if I had that kind of break down, that's what you want, right?

So I'm sure someone like has something like that to figure out the time, steps, everything.

But if you said and thought about it with the AI for like an hour,

you could like write a code that could take a video and give you back, like timestamped like speech in the video plus like timestamps.

This is happening in the video and created like basically make the video into a rich text, uh, object.

And then you can do all kinds of stuff with it. I didn't do it yet because I didn't figure it out, but that's the basic steps.

Yeah. All right. Did this thing work yet?

What are we at? I am at.

We got nine minutes, right? Okay. Hopefully we'll get one diehard video done before we leave today.

One more before the weekend. 91.

Okay. I think it's, uh. I think it's going okay. 100ft.

It's working. I don't know why. Like in the last one, it didn't work right. It was kind of weird.

And I'm going 13 every time, so I got two more left. Okay, one. Two. Four.

Oh my God, hurry up to. Okay.

And 117 okay. I think there's two more left.

And then we can do that. And.

Okay, so while we're waiting, we could like, um, maybe make some more edits to the script or like the instruction for the summary script.

Since we're waiting anyways. So what do we got here? We have, uh, he hates his brother, and he loves his brother.

Anything else you want to put in this thing? Maybe they said something funny or like some event pisses them off a lot or something in the movie.

Like dog friendly video clips. Like the color scheme in.

Dog friendly as a certain color scheme that are better for dogs and bluey.

It's yellow and blue like it. So I'm going to tell it this video.

I'll be seeing my dogs. Can you pick imagery where the colors would appeal to a dog?

I mean, why not? Uh.

Try to choose clips that have, I mean the colors and die hard on very like bright.

So I won't really work, but I'll put it in there. Choose clips that have colors that will appeal to dogs because.

My dog will watch this with me. Okay.

Yeah, it can do that. I mean, we'll actually do it. Probably not. But whenever it's.

I write whatever your mind wants to do, we can. You can take a crack at it.

Okay. Did we get the, uh. Yeah, we got it. Hans Gruber quotes.

Now I have a machine gun. Ho ho ho! Awesome. Okay, so there is a whole die Hard script summarized.

Awesome. Now we'll make our movie script finally, at long last, making the scripts.

Print out the script. Make the audio. Make the video.

And save the video. Sweet. Okay, here we go.

YouTube content. Okay, there's our scripts.

Cool. Audio files have been generated. Zero.

What are eclipse? Zero 13, 39, 65 and 104.

The last step is 130. Right? This is like skipping the last leg.

Like you don't get to the end of the movie, I guess. All right, well, whatever.

You're the I know me. Okay, here comes video.

And then we download it, and then we can watch it and we'll watch it, and then hopefully it doesn't.

I hope it didn't suck. Right. If it was awesome, that would be great to end the class.

So please be awesome. I didn't know in the last section, the diehard ones were a little bit better than the Terminator ones.

It's like there's better like action in the movie. It's a bit brighter.

I don't know what it was, but like it came out better, was done. Okay, die hard brothers, here we go.

Viewers. My name is Hans. Oh! Damn it! Sorry, sorry, sorry.

It seems wrong. Voice. Okay. We need a voice of youth.

Do this again. Um. I think Onix is the voice for a guy.

Sorry. Redoing it with a male voice.

If I leave more 11 labs credits, I would have cloned Alan Rickman or try to clone him and then he would have been doing the narration.

So I don't want to, like, spend the money in 11 labs to do that.

But that's what you could do to make a really, you know, hard hitting video.

And hopefully, like I do, that still.

I don't know, it's really kind of strict nowadays in 11 labs, like I lost Ryan Reynolds, you know, like so, so depressing.

All right, let me delete these like stupid. Did you go to his talk to see whose talk?

Remind us. He was here. Yeah. I didn't get the memo.

No, he told me. Wait. You knew my voice of him got deleted in front of you.

Is that in front of you guys? They got deleted. And you didn't tell the professor he's in town.

Shame on you people. God, I love Deadpool and then Shawn Levy.

What, you mean Shawn Levy? Who's Shawn Levy, director.

Oh, man. That's awesome. Did it download?

Was he funny? I think so. Oh, I heard it was a lot of, like, mutual gassing up.

Like, it was just like, oh, my God, you're so great. Yeah. You're so he is so great.

And he's handsome too. I don't like gay, but like, I was, I totally, like, be in the Ryan Reynolds.

Okay. And now let's see our new, uh, video of the Die Hard brothers.

Please don't suck your viewers. My name is Hans Gruber, and I have a confession to make.

It seems this John McClane, the thorn in my side is actually my brother.

Quite a revelation, wouldn't you agree? But this festive season, despite its joys, he insists on being quite the nuisance at Nakatomi Plaza.

Uh, behold the majesty of corporate power. A view truly befitting a man of my taste.

Now, if only little McClane would refrain from desecrating this holy space with his brash behavior.

But alas. Well, you know what the I thinks this person here is Hans.

Because he has, like, the same kind of look, like a hair and beard and stuff. That's not Hans.

That is, um, what's his name in the movie? Ezra.

That annoying, like, uh, consulting guy. Anyway, to the chaos, he reeks, stirring up the tension among these high rise negotiations.

Well, well. The rooftop. Oh, dude, where the sunset paints the sky in shades even a dog might appreciate.

Marks the battlefield upon which my brother gallantly defies the odds.

And me? I orchestrate elegant summits bathed in the sandy glow, much to Maclaine's stubborn chagrin.

It is not easy being the antagonist during Christmas, dear brother.

Here we are surrounded by lights and the cacophony of emergency that's not in my care.

Thinks that's a man hangs by a thread of your convoluted valor.

Yet amidst this chaos, I found my admiration growing for the man who foils my grand schemes.

For he stands resolute in rescuing his beloved. And so, as this relentless tale unfolds, I discover a truth most unexpected.

I do in this season of miracles find a certain fondness for McClane.

Perhaps he is the good guy after all. So much for Christmas now, Theo.

Yippee ki yay, John. Wherever did you learn that charming phrase? Oh, yeah.

So in the movie at the end, he goes like he calls him a cowboy.

And then he says, yippee ki yay, mother effer. That's like a famous quote from Die Hard.

Okay, so that was like. And that was a the narration wasn't bad, right?

It was actually Alan Rickman. It was much better.

But I guess, like you can see like with this basic technology, now, if you spend a little bit of time thinking about it, you can make it a lot better.

And the biggest way to make it better is to make the video like information in better text form.

So tell it in this scene, it's not Hans, it's Ezra, or it's like, you know,

some other person and things like that to make it much more, uh, effective to understand what's happening in the scenes.

And then, you know, a four hour can make you like a script. So on your homeworks, I think I'll give you a, like,

maybe make the do a little bit better and maybe polish them a bit and get your hands dirty playing with the video stuff.

All right, all right. So I tried my best, folks. Sorry. It's almost there.

Next will be awesome. All right for sure. So we'll stop there.

Homework will be out on Sunday. And we'll see you folks next week for our last week before our spring break.

And the class. Oh by the way, I'm doing a poll. So class might only be on Monday, right?

I mean, on Tuesday next week I might cancel Thursday class because. Yeah, maybe.

All right. So yeah, come next week don't skip Tuesday.

We're making the clones. The 11th labs cloning. What happened to.

